fixed typos in migrating-to-remote.md (#12939)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/remote-store/migrating-to-remote.md

1. Query the `_cat/nodes` endpoint after OpenSearch is running on the new node to confirm that it has joined the cluster. Wait for the cluster to become green again.

1. Repeat steps 6 through 9 for each node in your cluster. 

> 1. Re-enable shard replication, using a command similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reenable shard replication, using a command similar to the following:
```
